# Salt API

> Source: https://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/ref/cli/

$ Options
    `salt --version                {{Print the version of Salt that is running}} 
    `salt --versions-report        {{Show program's dependencies and version number, and then exit}} 
    `salt -h                       {{Show the help message and exit}} 
    `salt -c                       {{The location of the Salt configuration directory. This directory contains the configuration files for Salt master and minions. The default location on most systems is /etc/salt}} 
    `salt -u                       {{Specify user to run salt-minion}} 
    `salt -d                       {{Run salt-minion as a daemon}} 
    `salt --pid-file               {{Specify the location of the pidfile. Default: /var/run/salt-minion.pid}} 
    `salt --hard-crash             {{Raise any original exception rather than exiting gracefully}} 
    `salt -g                       {{Return the information generated by the Salt grains}} 
    `salt -m                       {{Specify an additional directory to pull modules from}} 
    `salt --file-root              {{Set this directory as the base file root}} 
    `salt --pillar-root            {{Set this directory as the base pillar root}} 
    `salt --metadata               {{Print out the execution metadata as well as the return}} 

$ Logging Options
    `salt-api -l                   {{Console logging log level. One of all, garbage, trace, debug, info, warning, error, quiet. Default: warning}} 
    `salt-api --log-file           {{Log file path. Default: /var/log/salt/api}} 
    `salt-api --log-file-level     {{Logfile logging log level. One of all, garbage, trace, debug, info, warning, error, quiet. Default: warning}} 

